(/social-connections/apple) update guide (#1619)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/apple.mdx

  1. Select **App IDs**, then select **Continue**.
  1. On the next page, you'll be prompted to **Select a type** for your app. Choose **App** and select **Continue**. You will be redirected to the **Register an App ID** page.
  1. Fill in a description for your **App ID** and a **Bundle ID**. Under **Capabilities**, ensure that **Sign In with Apple** is enabled. Then select **Continue**. You'll be redirected to the **Confirm your App ID** page.
  1. At the top of the page, you'll see your **App ID Prefix**. Save this value somewhere secure. This is your **Apple Team ID** in Clerk.
  1. Finally, select **Register**. You'll be redirected to the **Identifiers** page.

  ### Get your Apple Services ID

  The **Apple Services ID** is _required_ for web-based flows and _recommended_ for native app flows.

  To get your **Apple Services ID**, create a new **Services ID** in the Apple Developer portal.

  1. On the **Identifiers** page, in the dropdown near the top-right of the page, select the **Services IDs** option from the list.

>   1. Next to **Identifiers** at the top of the page, select the plus icon (+) to register a new identifier. You'll be redirected to the **Register new identifier** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Next to **Identifiers** at the top of the page, select the plus icon (+) to register a new identifier. You'll be redirected to the **Register a new identifier** page.
```

  1. Select **Services IDs**, then select **Continue**. You'll be redirected to the **Register a Services ID** page.
  1. Add a description for your **Services ID**, and set an **Identifier**. Save the **Identifier** value somewhere secure. This is your **Apple Services ID** in Clerk. Finally, select **Continue**.
  1. In the confirmation view, select **Register**.
  1. After the registration is finished, select the newly-created **Services ID**. Ensure the **Sign In with Apple** box is enabled and select **Configure**.
  1. Under **Primary App ID**, select the **App ID** you created in the previous step.

>   1. Under **Domains and subdomains**, add your Clerk **Frontend API URL** **without the protocol**. For example, if your domain is `https://myapp.com`, then your **Frontend API URL** is `https://clerk.myapp.com`, and you would add `clerk.myapp.com` to **Domains and subdomains**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Under **Domains and Subdomains**, add your Clerk **Frontend API URL** **without the protocol**. For example, if your domain is `https://myapp.com`, then your **Frontend API URL** is `https://clerk.myapp.com`, and you would add `clerk.myapp.com` to **Domains and Subdomains**.
```

>   1. Under **Return URLS**, add the **Return URL** value you saved from the Clerk Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Under **Return URLs**, add the **Return URI** value you saved from the Clerk Dashboard.
```

Author: no, because we're updating the dashboard !

  1. Select **Save**. You'll be redirected to the **Identifiers** page.

  ### Get your Apple Private Key and Key ID

  The **Apple Private Key** and **Key ID** are _required_ for web-based flows and _recommended_ for native app flows.

  To get your **Apple Private Key** and **Key ID**, create a new **Key** in the Apple Developer portal.

  1. On the **Identifiers** page, in the sidebar, select **Keys**.
  1. Next to **Keys** at the top of the page, select the plus icon (+) to register a new key. You'll be redirected to the **Register a New Key** page.
  1. Add a **Key Name** and ensure the **Sign In with Apple** box is enabled and select **Configure**. You'll be redirected to the **Configure Key** page.
  1. Under **Primary App ID**, select the **App ID** you created in the first step of this guide. Then select **Save**. You'll be redirected to the previous **Register a New Key** page.
  1. Select **Continue** and you'll be presented with the final confirmation screen. Verify that **Sign in with Apple** is checked. Select **Register**. You'll be redirected to the **Download Your Key** page.
  1. Save the **Key ID** value somewhere secure. This is your **Apple Key ID** in Clerk.

>   1. Download the private key as a file. This is your **Apple Private Key** in Clerk. As the instructions point out, be sure to backup the key in a secure place as it cannot be redownloaded later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Download the private key file. This will serve as your **Apple Private Key** in Clerk. Ensure you back up the key in a secure location, as it cannot be downloaded again later.
```

  1. Select **Done**. You'll be redirected to the **Keys** page.

  ### Configure Email Source for Apple Private Relay

  This step is _required_ for web-based flows only.

>   Apple provides a privacy feature called [Hide My Email](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT210425#hideemail), in which users can sign in to your app with Apple without revealing their real email addresses. Instead, your instance will receive an app-specific email address that will nevertheless forward any emails to the real user's address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Apple provides a privacy feature called [Hide My Email](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT210425#hideemail), allowing users to sign in to your app with Apple without disclosing their actual email addresses. Instead, your instance receives an app-specific email address that forwards any emails to the user real's address.
```

  To be able to send emails properly to users with hidden addresses, you must configure an additional setting in the Apple Developer portal.

  1. In the sidebar, select **Services**.
  1. Under **Sign in with Apple for Email Communication**, select **Configure**. You'll be redirected to the **Configure Sign in with Apple for Email Communication** page.

>   1. Next to **Email sources** at the top of the page, select the plus icon (+) to add a new **Email Source**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Next to **Email Sources** at the top of the page, select the plus icon (+) to add a new **Email Source**.
```

>   1. In the **Register your email sources** modal that opened, under **Email Addresses**, add the **Email Source for Apple Private Email Relay** value that you saved from the Clerk Dashboard. It should look something like this: `bounces+00000000@clkmail.myapp.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. In the **Register your email sources** modal that opens, under **Email Addresses**, add the **Email Source for Apple Private Email Relay** value that you saved from the Clerk Dashboard. It should look something like this: `bounces+00000000@clkmail.myapp.com`.
```

  1. Select **Next**. The modal will redirect to the **Confirm your email sources** page.

>   1. Select **Register**. The modal will redirect to the **Email Source Registration Complete** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Select **Register**. The modal will redirect to the **Email Source Registration Complete** screen.
```

  1. Select **Done**.

>   After this, you should now see the email address added to the list, and it should be marked as verified with a green check icon. If it does not appear as verified yet, DNS propagation may take some time to complete so wait before trying to select **Reverify SPF**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  After this step, the email address should appear in the list and display a green check icon, indicating it has been verified. If it's not marked as verified yet, DNS propagation may still be in progress. Wait for the propagation to complete before attempting to select **Reverify SPF**.
```

  Connect your Apple app to your Clerk app by adding these values to the Clerk Dashboard.

>   1. Navigate back to the tab where the Apple configuration modal is open in the Clerk Dashboard.

Author: ```suggestion
  1. Navigate back to the Clerk Dashboard where the configuration modal should still be open.
```
